# Brainstorm meeting

Invited (present): Buyle Raf (Meeting Organizer, Vlaanderen), Liesbet D'hondt (BOSA), Marc Bruyland (BOSA), Bart Hanssens (BOSA), Rink W. Kruk (NGI), Kissiyar Ouns (Vlaanderen)
 
Invited (not present): Catherine Wagneur (Wallonie), Philippe RIBUE (Fr.gemeenschap), Alexander HOF (Brussel Gewest), Thomas AUSSEMS (Du.gemeenschap), T Hoogewys (Brussel Gewest), Tony Vanderstraete (Vlaanderen), Ziggy Vanlishout (Vlaanderen), Eveline Vlassenroot (Vlaanderen), Liesbeth Van der Haegen (Vlaanderen) 
  
On 16 May, we had a consultation within the framework of the Belgian Presidency of the Council of the EU.

The Presidency of the Council rotates among the EU Member States and changes every six months. 
During those six months, the Presidency chairs meetings at every level of the Council, thereby contributing to the continuity of the EU's work in the Council.

In 2024, Belgium will be awarded the Presidency of the European Union. In many policy areas, the competent ministers are preparing initiatives to this end. 
This can manifest itself in various forms, such as initiatives for a new European work plan representation in expert groups, the provision of speakers and 
good practices in specific exchanges, etc. at specific exchanges, etc.

This is a unique opportunity to profile ourselves at the interfederal level with the communities and regions. 
International companies often refer to Belgium as the ideal European testing ground. 
With our working group, we have realised excellent trajectories that can inspire other member states. 
Well, in 2024, it is the moment to show off and demonstrate leadership.

The attached presentation contains the first ideas; we do not see this as an endpoint but rather as a starting point.  
Here is an outline of the planning:

+ we share these 'rough' ideas with the ICEG
+ we agree to start the next iteration on 27/6 2-4 p.m. 
+ we will feed these results back to the ICEG, in order to cross tune at the next meeting
