
# Meeting minutes - ICEG Review Committee - 2024-06-12

Attendees: 
- Vlaanderen: eveline.vlassenroot@vlaanderen.be; raf.buyle@vlaanderen.be; 
- BOSA : liesbet.dhondt@bosa.fgov.be; marc.bruyland@bosa.fgov.be; 
- Brussels Gewest : eauquiere@paradigm.brussels; bfricheteau@paradigm.brussels; 
- Fédération Wallonie-Bruxelles: 
- Région wallonne: xavier.demarets@spw.wallonie.be
- Deutschsprachige Gemeinschaft: 
- NGI: rink.kruk@ngi.be

Excused:
- Vlaanderen: liesbeth.vanderhaegen@vlaanderen.be; andreas.nikolakopoulos@v-ict-or.be; kim.leemans@vlaanderen.be
- BOSA: bart.hanssens@bosa.fgov.be;
- Brussels Gewest: ahof@gob.brussels; thoogewys@paradigm.be; fdumortier@paradigm.brussels
- Fédération Wallonie-Bruxelles: alexandre.delalieu@cfwb.be
- Région wallonne: dominique.buffet@spw.wallonie.be; 
- Deutschsprachige Gemeinschaft: dominique.buecken@dgov.be
 
Guests:
- Vlaanderen: Mathieu Tulpinck


## AGENDA
- Status collaboration agreement (Marc Bruyland)
- Slides for ICEG committee of 26/6 (Raf Buyle, Marc Bruyland)
- SEMIC - ICEG stand on 27/6

### Status collaboration agreement
Blocked at BOSA for an unknown reason. Yesterday confirmation was received that the the file is now at the IF of BOSA.

Xavier mentioned that there is also a blocking at their IF's side. The reason why the total amount was decreased by 10K by the German speaking community which impacted the cost allocation keys, was explained.

CIRB should be replaced by Paradigm in the collaboration agreement.

### Slides for ICEG committee of 26/6
See attached document (amended and approved by the members of the ICEG review committee).

Raf (Flanders) is not available to present the slides due to obligations at SEMIC.
The slides will be presented by Rink (NGI) and Eric (Paradigm). Eric still needs to confirm (Marc from BOSA as backup).

The one-pager on Person was discussed. The amended document will be presented at the ICEG committee of June 26th. The goal of this document is to request on behalf of the ICEG committee support for the exercise from the 2 main stakeholders, being the National Register and CBSS. An updated version will be put on github, feedback is expected before June 20th. Contacts for the document are Liesbet (BOSA) and Mathieu (Flanders).
The document can be found at https://github.com/belgif/ICEGthema-person/blob/main/resources/doc/20240612-onepager.docx


CIRB should be replaced by Paradigm in the slides for the ICEG committee.
 
### SEMIC - ICEG stand on 27/6
A poster for the stand has been designed by BOSA.

Attached presentation will be shown on the stand (amended and approved by the members of the ICEG review committee) 

Who will be present at the stand ? The stand needs to be manned during the breaks, the lunch time break and the reception.
The task will be split amongst the people from the ICEG review committee present at SEMIC: Benoit and Eric (Paradigm), Marc (BOSA), Eveline and Raf (Flanders) and Rink (NGI). Eveline (Flanders) will take care of the PC for showing the ICEG presentation.

The last version of the presentation will be available on github.

Raf will try to get an entry ticket for Rink, the SEMIC conference being fully booked.

### Next meeting

The next meeting will take place on Sep 12th: this will be a physical meeting in the Paradigm office (still to be confirmed due to the move foreseen beginning of Sep; Flanders will foresee a backup to be confirmed by Eveline). Worst case the meeting will be on-line.

## ACTIONS
actions from previous meeting:
- provide budget estimation (md+€) for the Person exercise (Liesbet + Mathieu)
- provide budget estimation (md+€) for the Hydrant exercise extension (Rink)

new actions:
- update collaboration agreement + presentation for ICEG committee + presentation for SEMIC (Marc)
- update one-pager document for Person (Liesbet + Mathieu)
- present at ICEG committee of 26/6 (Rink + Eric tbc); Marc will inform the ICEG secretary for the invitations to the meeting
- PC at SEMIC stand (Eveline)
- SEMIC entry ticket for Rink (Raf)
- meeting room for next ICEG review committee (Eric + Eveline)

